what up YouTube this is our tricks and
I'm bring another video dicing craft and
we changed up our spawn a little bit on
the server and sorry about the server
being down so much lately we just that
didn't pay it and the donations one
somewhere I don't know but we're not
gonna be sending the donation is the
mythical anymore I don't blame him for
it but all the donations were sent to
him and now the money is gone but send
the donations to me now when you donate
on the server and we will keep the
server up as long as we possibly can and
we did change the spawn a little bit
same IP address everything the same we
just paid the month today when you spawn
in oh yeah this video is about our
amazing parkour map that someone built
on our server it is amazing that's all I
got to say about it you'll see for
yourself you'll spawn where he spawn
you're going to want to come around here
that's the shop over there this is the
warp room you're going to want to come
to the warp room and then read all the
signs of the love of
and parkour parkour is our course that
will put you to the test so when you get
here just type /
warp power cord and there you go you'll
start out this little hallway ignore
that little patch I'll probably have
that fixed before you even get in here I
didn't build this so there's phantom
corso out the Phantom core I wanting
this amazing attraction on our server
read the rules so read all these rules
don't be a douchebag just read the rules
be a good guy I'll patch that up to I
don't know what happened there
but I'm going to go up this ladder
here's the first course and this is
literally I want the hardest and most
amazing and creative parkour map ever
I want I don't know what that is down
there but anyways here is the beginning
fence jumping I'm not going to show you
it will talk forever go through this you
shouldn't go through all this and then
I'm guessing won't jump onto that and
you go through all the ice obstacles
I've already done the ice you just like
gotta climb through all these and then
go to the ladder I did all the easy ones
that suck at parkour but that is the
first one first ones okay not that hard
but it's pretty hard this one is the
slow core come on and you want to go
through all these I guess
and that one around
and up here and down and that rhymed and
spiderwebs II
I'll crack them a little bit quiet my
mic sucks I might have to turn it up on
Sony Vegas so this is slack or through
all the slabs and whatnot I suck at
parkour so I'm not going to even attempt
this long jumps you're going to you're
probably going to rage people are
probably gonna rage quit from our server
once they fail this park or a few times
but this is just for fun just for the
challenge so yeah no cheating please and
you can't destroy any this I have it
protected so here's the rainbow course
go through all these all these then get
on this this is the or core and
go all around these things
it's up here and then here is the last
floor so this is a three story I think
three or four story parkour this is hard
you guys are going to rage I know you
are don't bring any items in here with
you because you will die
yeah you're going am
it didn't fit
did you enjoy it did you enjoy the easy
parts welcome back to hard that's the
signs he built the Phantom core built
those signs I didn't so I was just as my
first time reading those signs and it
really stopped the read them these fence
jumps right here the hardest jumps ever
ridiculous they're possible because he
wouldn't did it if it wasn't and I've
seen people already complete this I'm
just not good at doing it I've never
completed it but I've seen others
complete it and there's only three
people that completed so far and the
towers of oblivion the final stretch
this is one of those wrap arounds you
got the wrapper on the ladders and then
get up and then jump onto that ladder
wraparound get up wraparound get up keep
on doing that so you get here now this
is it you made it go into the water well
done the legend going to the water all
the way down up there you go read all
these Sciences are pretty important and
then the prize inside
is all that diamond armor diamond
equipment to stocks of 64 and some
random signs I don't know why they're in
there but you get out and let's throw in
two feathers and three bones and seven
Robbie you could have those that's on me
but yeah I'm out guys please come and
try this uh this park or it is amazing
probably maybe the best parkour I've
ever seen IP in the description sorry if
the server is down when you try and get
on we've had crashing problems lately
and I'm trying to fix it but I think I
have it fixed now i paid the bill i paid
for the month next month and i paid
for the 42 sites and all that crap
and I'm fixed some plugins and did some
work with the commands and hopefully it
won't shut down anymore look at this
giant building it's crazy alright guys
well I'm out please comment like and
favourite to get this video out there
because I want a lot of people trying
this this is amazing parkour and you
guys are really gonna like it and really
gonna rage at it too but um I'm out guys
peace